Add initial implementation of microservice demo (#1)
ballerina-guides/gcp-microservices-demo: README.md

| ProductCatalog | Reads a list of products from a JSON file and provides the ability to search products and get individual products.
| Currency | Reads exchange rates from a JSON and converts one money amount to another currency.
| Payment | Validates the card details using Luhn algorithm and against supported card providers and returns a transaction ID. (Mock)
| Shipping | Gives shipping cost estimates based on the shopping cart. Returns a tracking ID. (Mock)
| Email | Sends user an order confirmation email with the cart details using the Gmail connector. (mock).
| Checkout | Retrieves user cart, prepares the order, and orchestrates the payment, shipping, and email notification.
| Recommendation | Recommends other products based on the user’s cart items
| Ads | Provides text ads based on given context words.

We will be using the same load generator service for load testing. 
In the original frontend go service, It serves HTML directly using the HTTP server using go templates, In our sample, we have separated the backend and the frontend using Ballerina HTTP service and React frontend.

# Running the sample
## Docker-Compose

> Create `Config.toml` in `src/email/` and paste the following code after replacing the values. You can generate credentials using following these steps https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-googleapis.gmail/tree/v0.99.11#prerequisites

Author: Created #2 to track this.

			ps = append(ps, p)
		}
	}
	return &pb.SearchProductsResponse{Results: ps}, nil
}
```

Even tough we can implement the same using ballerina using foreach statement, we have used ballerina query expression to implement the search function. Query expressions contain a set of clauses similar to SQL to process the data.
```ballerina
remote function SearchProducts(SearchProductsRequest value) returns SearchProductsResponse|error {
    return {
        results: from Product product in self.products
            where isProductRelated(product, value.query)
            select product
    };
}

isolated function isProductRelated(Product product, string query) returns boolean {
    string queryLowercase = query.toLowerAscii();
    return product.name.toLowerAscii().includes(queryLowercase) || product.description.toLowerAscii().includes(queryLowercase);
}
```

You can read more about Query expressions in this blog. You can have much more complicated queries using limit,let keywords, ordering, joins and so on. You can use query expressions not only for arrays but for streams, and tables as well.

## Concurrency safety - Ad Service

> Ballerina is designed for network based applications. The concept of isolation in Ballerina simplifies development by ensuring the safety of shared resources during concurrent execution. Ballerina Compiler warns if the application is not concurrent safe and helps to make it concurrent safe and performant at the same time. The following code shows how a class is marked as readonly so by default compiler makes enables concurrent calls to its objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina is designed for network-based applications. The concept of isolation in Ballerina simplifies development by ensuring the safety of shared resources during concurrent execution. Ballerina Compiler warns if the application is not concurrent safe and helps to make it concurrent safe and performant at the same time. The following code shows how a class is marked as readonly so that by default, the compiler makes concurrent calls to its objects.
```

```ballerina
readonly class AdStore {

    final map<Ad[]> & readonly ads;
    private final int MAX_ADS_TO_SERVE = 2;

    isolated function init() {
        self.ads =  getAds().cloneReadOnly();
    }

    public isolated function getRandomAds() returns Ad[]|error {
    }
}
```

> You can read this blog for more information about isolation concepts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read this blog for more information about isolation concepts.
```
Need to add the link of the blog.

> ## Coordinating with multiple services and Configurables - Checkout Service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Coordinating with multiple services and configurables - checkout service
```

> Microservices often requires to communicate with other services to get a specific task done. Checkout service coordinates with cart service, catalog service, currency service, shipping service payment service and email service to perform the checkout. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microservices often requires to communicate with other services to get a specific task done. Checkout service coordinates with the cart service, catalog service, currency service, shipping service, payment service, and email service to perform the checkout. 
```

```ballerina
configurable string cartUrl = "http://localhost:9092";

@grpc:ServiceDescriptor {descriptor: ROOT_DESCRIPTOR_DEMO, descMap: getDescriptorMapDemo()}
service "CheckoutService" on ep {
    final CartServiceClient cartClient;
    …
    
    function init() returns error? {
        self.cartClient = check new (cartUrl);
        …
    }

    remote function PlaceOrder(PlaceOrderRequest value) returns PlaceOrderResponse|error {
        string orderId = uuid:createType1AsString();
        CartItem[] userCartItems = check self.getUserCart(value.user_id, value.user_currency);

           …  
    }
}

  function getUserCart(string userId, string userCurrency) returns CartItem[]|error {
        GetCartRequest req = {user_id: userId};
        Cart|grpc:Error cart = self.cartClient->GetCart(req);
        if (cart is grpc:Error) {
            log:printError("failed to call getCart of cart service", 'error = cart);
            return cart;
        }
        return cart.items;
    }
```

> As you shown in above code, ballerina make it very easy to invoke other microservices, log and handle errors. Configurable feature helps to configure the value of the variable by overriding in the runtime. This will be explained in depth in the testing and deployment sections of this article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As shown in the above code, Ballerina makes it very easy to invoke other microservices, log, and handle errors. The configurable feature helps to configure the value of the variable by overriding it in the runtime. This will be explained in depth in the testing and deployment sections of this article.
```

> ## Html generation with XML - Email service

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## HTML generation with XML - Email service
```

> ## HTML generation with XML - Email Service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## HTML generation with XML - email service
```

> Email service is responsible for generating a confirmation email with order details, tracking details. Ballerina’s built in XML feature is used for generating HTML code required for the email. You can see the below code to see how the if blocks, loops, concat, variables used in xml to create the html page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The email service is responsible for generating a confirmation email with the order and tracking details. Ballerina’s built-in XML feature is used for generating HTML code required for the email. You can see the code below to see how the if blocks, loops, concat, variables are used in the XML to create the HTML page.
```

    </tr>`;

    foreach OrderItem item in res.items {
        xml content = xml `<tr>
        <td>#${item.item.product_id}</td>
        <td>${item.item.quantity}</td> 
        <td>${item.cost.units}.${item.cost.nanos / 10000000} ${item.cost.currency_code}</td>
        </tr>`;
        items = items + content;
    }

    xml body = xml `<body>
    <h2>Your Order Confirmation</h2>
    <p>Thanks for shopping with us!</p>
    <h3>Order ID</h3>
    <p>#${res.order_id}</p>
    <h3>Shipping</h3>
    <p>#${res.shipping_tracking_id}</p>
    <p>${res.shipping_cost.units}.${res.shipping_cost.nanos / 10000000} ${res.shipping_cost.currency_code}</p>
    <p>${res.shipping_address.street_address}, ${res.shipping_address.city}, ${res.shipping_address.country} ${res.shipping_address.zip_code}</p>
    <h3>Items</h3>
    <table style="width:100%">
        ${items}
    </table>
    </body>
    `;

    xml page = xml `
    <html>
    <head>
        <title>Your Order Confirmation</title>
        <link href="${fontUrl}" rel="stylesheet"></link>
    </head>
    <style>
        body{
        font-family: 'DM Sans', sans-serif;
        }
    </style>
        ${body}
    </html>`;

    return page;
}
```

> ## Testing Microservices - Recommendation service

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Testing Microservices - Recommendation Service
```

> ## Testing Microservices - Recommendation Service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Testing microservices - the recommendation service
```

> Microservices are Loosely coupled, Independently deployable units. These units should be tested before we integrate them with other microservices. Ballerina’s test framework allows you to test your microservices effortlessly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microservices are loosely coupled, Independently deployable units. These units should be tested before we integrate them with other microservices. Ballerina’s test framework allows you to test your microservices effortlessly.
```

> First we need to make sure the catalogUrl is marked as configurable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we need to make sure that the catalog URL is marked as a configurable. 
```

```ballerina
import ballerina/grpc;
import ballerina/log;

listener grpc:Listener ep = new (9090);
configurable string catalogUrl = "http://localhost:9091";

@grpc:ServiceDescriptor {descriptor: ROOT_DESCRIPTOR_DEMO, descMap: getDescriptorMapDemo()}
service "RecommendationService" on ep {
final ProductCatalogServiceClient catalogClient;

    function init() returns error? {
        self.catalogClient = check new (catalogUrl);
    }

    isolated remote function ListRecommendations(ListRecommendationsRequest value) returns ListRecommendationsResponse|error {
        ….
    }
}
```

> In the tests directory you need to create a Config.toml and override that variable with mock url. This allows you to point to another service in the testing phase. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `tests` directory, you need to create a `Config.toml` file and override that variable with the mock URL. This allows you to point to another service in the testing phase. 
```

```toml
catalogUrl="http://localhost:8989"
```

> You can define a mock service to represent the catalog service in the test file and execute the test based on that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define a mock service to represent the catalog service in the test file, and execute the test based on that.
```

service "ProductCatalogService" on new grpc:Listener(8989) {
    remote function ListProducts(Empty value) returns ListProductsResponse {
        return {products: [{
            id: "test id",
            categories: ["watch", "clothes"],
            description: "Test description",
            name: "test name",
            picture: "",
            price_usd: {
                currency_code: "USD",
                nanos: 900000000,
                units: 5
            }
        }]};
    }

    remote function GetProduct(GetProductRequest value) returns Product|error {
        return error("method not implemented");
    }

    remote function SearchProducts(SearchProductsRequest value) returns SearchProductsResponse|error {
        return error("method not implemented");
    }
}

@test:Config {}
function recommandTest() returns error?{
    RecommendationServiceClient ep = check new ("http://localhost:9090");
    ListRecommendationsRequest req = {
        user_id: "1",
        product_ids: ["2ZYFJ3GM2N", "LS4PSXUNUM"]
    };
    ListRecommendationsResponse listProducts = check ep->ListRecommendations(req);
    test:assertEquals(listProducts.product_ids.length(), 1);
}
```

> Ballerina has object mocking features that allows you to do this without even running a service. You can read in depth about object mocking here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina has object mocking features that allows you to do this without even running a service. For in-depth information on object mocking, see[]().
```
Need to give the link.
